c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\chromedriver.exe
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\chromedriver-license.txt
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\UnitTestProject1.dll
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\UnitTestProject1.pdb
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.dll
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.dll
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\TestStack.BDDfy.dll
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\TestStack.Seleno.dll
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\TestStack.Seleno.pdb
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\TestStack.Seleno.xml
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.pdb
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.xml
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.pdb
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.xml
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\obj\Debug\UnitTestProject1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\obj\Debug\UnitTestProject1.dll
c:\users\olamshin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\obj\Debug\UnitTestProject1.pdb
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\obj\Debug\UnitTestProject1.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\obj\Debug\UnitTestProject1.pdb
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\chromedriver.exe
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\chromedriver-license.txt
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\UnitTestProject1.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\UnitTestProject1.pdb
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\TestStack.BDDfy.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\TestStack.Seleno.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.pdb
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.xml
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.pdb
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.xml
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\TestStack.Seleno.pdb
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\TestStack.Seleno.xml
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
C:\Users\swright\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\chromedriver.exe
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\chromedriver-license.txt
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\UnitTestProject1.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\UnitTestProject1.pdb
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\TestStack.BDDfy.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\TestStack.Seleno.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.pdb
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.xml
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.pdb
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.xml
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\TestStack.Seleno.pdb
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\TestStack.Seleno.xml
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\obj\Debug\UnitTestProject1.dll
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\obj\Debug\UnitTestProject1.pdb
C:\Users\swright\Documents\InnoSelenium\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\obj\Debug\UnitTestProject1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
